With this first introductory course in quantum physics, I hope that I have been able to furnish you
some basics more than anything else, I hope I have been able to spark in you some interest, more interest
and curiosity about the subject so that you feel encouraged to pursue further research by your own.
If you wish, you can now raise to a higher level, namely that by going to the second you do my course,
which goes beyond the basics and with which you can expand even further your knowledge in the conceptual
foundations of quantum physics, you can find the second part that is the continuation of this course
here on the Udemy My Portal.
It has the same name Quantum Physics, an overview of a weird world part two, or what you can do is
also to look up for my book.
In fact, I have written a book this one here, of course, with the same name and title and which contains
both Udemy courses in paperback in paperback format.
Also in e-book format, you can find it everywhere on Amazon, and it is about 300 pages.
And with you can find the black and white edition and color edition, the color is unfortunately.
Quite expensive, but black and white is more than sufficient.
And you can go and the details that we have already discussed here as also going beyond that, namely
the second course I meant sometimes people ask me for further literature, and I must say that this
is a bit complicated matter for me because the reason why I felt to create this course was precisely
because I think that there are no books that reflect a reasonable balance between the conceptual foundations
of quantum mechanics, its technical aspects, and that tackle the more philosophical questions in one
and the same course.
Either they are heavily technical and mathematical, or they dwell only in the philosophical aspects
or.
Well, let me say it worse, they tell people fairy tales.
So as far as I know, there is no book on the line of this course.
However, having said that, truths also that this is only a starting point and that different perspectives
and different approaches and.
Different stuff might enrich you as well, if you would like to maintain a non-academic approach and
ruminate more on the philosophical historical aspects, you might appreciate the following books that,
at least at the time of this video, are the ones people most seem to appreciate.
I will not go into the details or its contents or make any review of it.
You can find this abundantly online.
I just site quickly their titles and then let you decide by yourself if they fit your interest.
For example, what I found particularly interesting what was what is real?
The Unfinished Quest for the Meaning of Quantum Physics by Adam Baker.
Through two doors at once, the elegant experiment that captures the enigma of our quantum reality by
Arnie Ananta from seven-letter lessons on physics and especially the order of Time by Kyla Lavelle.
Einstein's unfinished revolution, the search for what lies beyond the Quantum by Lee Smolin.
And if you're interested for more a bit more technical but still not to obstruct and still not at the
textbooks, let a level of university.
What I found interesting are the two books of Leonardo Susskind the theoretical minimum what you need
to know to start.
And quantum mechanics, the theoretical minimum.
So.
I encourage you also to send me feedbacks and suggestions.
If you like this course, please leave also a review and with if you wish, also with some text, which
allows me to understand better how I can optimize it.
So thank you very much for having followed me and have a nice time.